feat(node): experimentalDisableStreaming (#14012)
withastro/astro: .changeset/cold-cooks-battle.md

---
'@astrojs/node': minor
---

> Allows disabling Astro's default [HTML streaming](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/on-demand-rendering/#html-streaming) for pages rendered on demand

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a new experimental configuration option `experimentalDisableStreaming` to allow you to opt out of Astro's default [HTML streaming](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/on-demand-rendering/#html-streaming) for pages rendered on demand.
```
For the changeset, we should introduce what the new thing is! (The above is perfect as a definition reference entry when people already know what they are looking at, and we're explaining what it is. Subtle difference when we have to announce that this new thing actually exists!)

HTML streaming helps with performance and generally provides a better visitor experience. In most cases, disabling streaming is not recommended.

> However, when you need to disable HTML streaming (e.g. your host only supports non-streamed HTML caching at the CDN level), you can opt out of the default behavior:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, when you need to disable HTML streaming (e.g. your host only supports non-streamed HTML caching at the CDN level), you can now opt out of the default behavior:
```
minor nit, but I like this for the changelog announcement to reinforce it's new and different!
